[Music]
i was in a band from the age of eight
to 18. we felt like rock stars at school
the first year we played the isle of
wight festival
we all got to leave maths exam early
which was super cool at the time you
know
who needs pythagoras they're cool yeah
thanks guys
let's meet harry harry
i'm 21 years old and i'm an estate agent
in london
i think everyone that i work with
absolutely loves my music here he comes
number one this is joel harry's really
fun to be around his music choices
okay stop filming i can't wait for this
harry's a comedian yeah yeah
banter is gay harry's on point the one
for you jade um
[Laughter]
bring that in um
[Music]
i've always been used to being the front
man but at the same time
more than happy to be the happy monday's
best character you know
as long as i'm in the group give me the
maracas man
hello hi harry how are you i'm good how
are you
good you look great i love you out there
thank you you guys are all way hotter in
real life
blow us away please come on give it a go
[Music]
she looks at me when she looks with such
despair
[Music]
she's
huh
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my goodness wow oh my gosh you're a
little bit of a star
aren't you wow i'm glad you think so
you have my mum that makes two
you brought the energy i feel like
you've got the look
but one tiny bit of criticism i would
say just be careful with your addiction
when you're singing
but other than that i feel like the
girls are just going to love you
which is always the winner yeah it's
very sweet thank you mm-hmm
um
[Applause]
is very like appealing
[Laughter]
um you walked in you walked in like we'd
all paid like a ten hour ticket to come
and watch your show
yeah and you're like this is my gig
girls i'm going to show you how it's
done you said thank you very much at the
end like we'd all got my money's worth
yeah it was just brilliant that's what
i'm craving like i'm a proper sucker for
like a musician and a rock band
thank you that's very kind let's do a
vault yes
it's going to be a yes from me thank you
it's a yes from me thank you very much
as you
may know it takes three yeses to get
through if it's two nor's it's still a
no
unfortunately i would say
yes 100 yeah
what's wrong with me i hate myself
[Music]
you